Video embedding (#8889)
opf/openproject: docs/user-guide/members/README.md

| Feature                                                      | Documentation for                                            |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Add members](#add-members)                                  | How to add existing members or invite new members to a project? |
| [Edit members](#edit-members)                                | How to change the role of a member in a project?             |
| [Remove members](#remove-members)                            | How to remove members from a project?                        |
| [Roles and permissions](#roles-and-permissions)              | How to manage roles and permissions for members?             |

> | <video src="https://www.openproject.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/OpenProject-Track-Time-and-Costs.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls="" style="width:100%"></video> | How to add members to a groups and add groups to a project?  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Groups](#groups)                               | How to add members to a group and add groups to a project?  |
```
